Okay, okay, okay,
You should be such a weak hot father,
It seems to me that you died first rather quickly,
The dead one is not enough to pass, I just asked him to train the old one,
He came to correct his mistakes and understand, I tell you,
You are not of noble birth,
There is no way to increase wealth,
You can only eat the lowest level of feeling in this matter,
What qualifications do you have to compare with powerful people like us?
We teach, like scolding,
There are things that should be done honestly,
This is, it is dangerous to have resistance,
Just looking for death
He, Mr. Luo from the Northern Territory
Also stay with us in front of me and look at you
Yes, not soon
A must today
People like me think that I have four great values
Okay
The following things to beat the odds
This is the fate I deserve
Just Pingkan's logic will be a little longer
like the dead
I'll wait until you die
It's your supreme beauty that seems to be able to
This is how you adjust Na Hao's subordinates
Do you still dare to rely on brilliance?
Uncle, don’t you need to move?
I'll tell you what to say
How dare you admit me
Uncle, I’m so used to it.
Uncle animal, please don’t die, it’s clear
If you don't care about him anymore, he wants to die.
I can't ignore you
He knows everything about you and your family.
If you get back together with him again
Don’t talk about Bai Wan’s investment
You will also be banned
your efforts over the years
It's a hundred fees. I understand.
I've had enough of you
It's one thing to die
It’s no one’s fault
Your critical red industry apology will usually be
Write accurately and check the front